1.1 Background
Bangalore (officially known as Bengaluru) is the capital city and the largest city of the Indian State of Karnataka. It has a population of more than 8 million and a metropolitan population of around 11 million, making it the third most populous city and fifth most populous urban agglomeration in India. Located in the Southern India on the Deccan Plateau, at a height of over 900m (3000ft) above sea level, Bangalore is known for its pleasant climate throughout the year, its elevation is the highest among the major cities of India.
The diversity of the cuisine available is reflective of the social and economic diversity of Bengaluru. South Indian, North Indian, Arabic food, Italian, American, Chinese are all very popular in the city. Our focus will be on Italian restaurants and to predict a suitable location for an Italian Restaurant.
From being an unfamiliar food segment in Indian industry, Italian food has gone through many things which finally resulted in marking their presence in the market. Earlier people were just familiar about the native flavours and tastes to which their taste bud was adapted. But with globalization in the food industry, things have changed eventually for this industry.
Earlier chefs and recipes were imported from Italy as there was no one who could bring out that very taste in serving the people of our country. It eventually took a lot of time for our people in adapting to this taste and flavour which caused many outlets and restaurants to close down. But now as the trend has changed, Italian food products are one popular segment towards which people are really inclined and Italian has become the 2nd favourite International cuisine in the country.

1.2 Problem Definition
In this project, we will try to visualize all major parts of the Bangalore City and try to predict an optimal location for an Italian restaurant. Since there are lots of restaurants in Bangalore we try to detect locations that are not already crowded with restaurants in vicinity. We would also prefer locations as close to city center as possible. 
Specifically, this report will target stakeholders who wants to set up an Italian restaurant in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
We will use our data science powers to generate a few most promising neighbourhoods based on this criteria. Advantages of each area will then be clearly expressed so that best possible final location can be chosen by stakeholders.
